Incorporate Custom Role API changes - include created and lastupdated… (#2050)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/iam-roles/index.md

  "id": "cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3",
  "label": "UserCreator",
  "description": "Create users",
  "created": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
  "lastUpdated": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
  "_links": {
    "permissions": {
      "href": "http://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/iam/roles/cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3/permissions"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "http://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/iam/roles/cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3"
    }
  }
}
```

### Update Role

<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/iam/roles/${roleIdOrLabel}" />

> Update a custom Role's label or description by its ID or label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a custom Role's label or description by its ID or label
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

### Get permission
Gets an existing permission from an existing Role

<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/iam/roles/${roleIdOrLabel}/permissions/${permissionType}" />

Gets a permission from an existing Role

#### Request parameters

| Parameter      | Description                          | Param Type   | DataType                              | Required |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------- | :----------- | :------------------------------------ | :------- |
| `roleIdOrLabel`  | `id` or `label` of the Role          | URL          | String                                | TRUE     |
| `permissionType` | Permission to retrieve from the Role        | URL          | [Permission type](#permission-types) | TRUE     |

#### Response parameters

> The requested permission object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requested permission object
```

    "id": "cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3",
    "label": "UserCreator",
    "description": "Create users",
    "created": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
    "lastUpdated": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
    "_links": {
    "permissions": {
      "href": "http://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/iam/roles/cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3/permissions"
    },
    "self": {
      "href": "http://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/iam/roles/cr0Yq6IJxGIr0ouum0g3"
    }
  }    
}
```
### Permission types

<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

Permissions can be added to, or removed from, custom Roles.  Permissions to manage a resource also grant the viewing privileges for the same resource so that you won't need to assign them separately.

User permissions are only effective with respect to the Group(s) to which the admin is granted a Role through Resource Set assignments.

> ### Permission properties

Reviewer 2: Are these permission properties or role properties? I think it's a bit confusing to attribute timestamp to permission. We should at least clarify whether `created` and `lastUpdated` refer to the timestamp of the role-permision association or the role

Author: I'll also make this a #### - i.e. a subsection of Permission types for clarity

    }
```

##### All Users and Groups as resource

```json
    {
      "id": "ire106sQKoHoXXsAe0g4",
      "created": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
      "lastUpdated": "2021-02-06T16:20:57.000Z",
      "_links": {
        "users": {
          "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users"
        },
        "groups": {
          "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups"
        }
      }
    }
```

> > **Note:** When you provide either [all Groups](#all-groups-as-resource) or [all Users](#all-users-as-resource) when adding a resource to a [Resource Set](#resource-set-object), it results in including a single resource which encompasses all Users and Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When you provide either [all Groups](#all-groups-as-resource) or [all Users](#all-users-as-resource) when adding a resource to a [Resource Set](#resource-set-object), a single resource that encompasses all Users and Groups is included.
```
